[libc++] Avoid string reallocation in `std::filesystem::path::lexically_relative` (#152964)
llvm/llvm-project: libcxx/docs/ReleaseNotes/22.rst

- The performance of ``map::map(const map&)`` has been improved up to 2.3x
- The performance of ``map::operator=(const map&)`` has been improved by up to 11x

> - String reallocations avoided in `std::filesystem::path::lexically_relative`, resulting in a performance improvement of up to 1.7x.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Some reallocations are now avoided in `std::filesystem::path::lexically_relative`, resulting in a performance improvement of up to 1.7x.
```
